这里有内置 JavaScript 编辑器
这里是控制台
另外你也可以用 CodePen
打开 codepen.io
我新建一个文件
出现三个窗口，HTML，CSS 和 JavaScript
我们只需要看 JavaScript 窗口
在这套教程中我们不会讲到 HTML 和 CSS
我们只需要 JavaScript 和它的控制台
and the JavaScript console so if I do
consult out log and then do hello world
then we can see right in the console
hello world
the final thing you could do would be
used scrim ba' most of the course I
actually recorded using scrim be calm so
if you want you can use grimbo calm to
follow along
once you log in just click the plus
button I do a JavaScript playground and
then confirm and it's gonna open up a
new JavaScript window now I can increase
the font size here and it already has
console dot log hello from JavaScript
you can see in the console right here
hello from JavaScript also if you hit
reload it reloads everything and you'll
see this pop up hello from JavaScript so
that's something interesting about scrim
ba' is that it has two ways of logging
in the console we have the pop-up and
then we have the console here you'll see
that in this course - the two different
ways of logging to the console
the first thing we'll talk about in
javascript is comments comments are
lines of code that JavaScript will
intentionally ignore they don't do
anything they're just used to create
notes for yourself and others about what
the code does so if you do slash slash
you can make an inline comment an inline
comment means it's at the end of a line
of code for instance I can put var
number equals 5 that's a way to declare
a variable and we'll talk more about
that later but right now we're just
talking about comments you can see that
this code is in color because the code
editor knows that that's code that's
going to run and the comment is
automatically grayed out because it's
not going to run we can also do an
inline comment or I mean a multi-line
comment if we do a slash star and I can
put this is a and then I can put
multi-line comment and I'm going to end
with a star slash so it begins with a
slash star and end with a star slash and
you can put as much text as you want in
between these and you can see this is